# NLP__QAsystem_SV

Natural language processing (NLP) is about how we can understand the language of the mind to produce outstanding outcomes and uncover where there may be problems. Neuro-Linguistic scientists are under furious debate on to what extent AI enables reasoning and comprehension information that humanity has struggled for thousands of years. It raises questions whether our inner thoughts, focus and our behaviors result from what is going on around us or from how we interpret these things internally. Either NLP armed AI formed its own logical thinking or it pretends itself to be and passes all linguistic tasks we have designed so far. Meanwhile, it is generally agreed NLP can have great benefits in communication and build better relationships, it often refers to twofold-- between people and people or between people and machines. We should not stop us on one hand being critical on moral or philosophical aspects but on the other hand, engaging ourselves to the exploration and bridging the frontier NLP models(GPT, BERT) to company values and applications for potential clients.

Understanding natural language has an impact on traditional analytical and business intelligence since executives are rapidly adopting smart information retrieval by text queries and data narratives instead of dashboards with complex charts. Based on this, we are also align our focus on the advantage of modern machine learning concepts --- transferring learning. We apply a pre-trained NLP model, which has been continously trained for monthes from Google, on a industral tailered downstreamed subtask, this kind of fine-tuning training using only a limited mounts of datasets and computing resourse can achieve satisfying outcomes compared to training on these datasets from scratch.
